[Merged by Bors] - Update doppelganger note about sync committee contributions (#4425)
sigp/lighthouse: book/src/validator-doppelganger.md

Staying silent and refusing to sign messages will cause the following:

- 2-3 missed attestations, incurring penalties and missed rewards.
- Potentially missed rewards by missing a block proposal (if the validator is an elected block
    proposer, which is unlikely).

> - Sync committee contributions are not delayed as those are not slashable

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Notably, sync committee contributions are not slashable and will continue to be produced even when DP is suppressing other messages.
```

The heading of the previous list is "...refusing to sign messages will cause..." so I figured we'd break it out into it's own little paragraph.

Author: Sounds good to me, and likely a bit clearer for users to understand
